this is the main comment
take that out
Oh
huh yeah this is again yeah I hear
voices over here see stick you know it's
all the way down you know
kony2012
surrender in the middle of the room
Oh golly what's down here yet see what
they're doing mr. stories room this is
really neat stay out of the internet no
I have it okay
oh my god have you seen this okay
Lina cube oh let's go through here we
don't this is Red Hawk you can't go up
to teal cause it's totally locked off
um Susie Mimi I wasn't up there
huh
oh that's impressive
Oh saran wrap
four days see how do the Internet
it's it's a lie oh really you don't say
oh it's all falling down Oh
is there anyone up there you know I know
okay well let me see see if there that's
what the whole entire hallway looks like
and that's about it so 2011-2012 senior
class senior break been around high
school